docs(akmods): Remove false Containerfile modification info (#147)
blue-build/modules: modules/akmods/README.md

To use the `akmods` module, specify the kernel modules you wish to install in the `install:` section of your recipe/configuration file.

By default, the `akmods` module installs the `main` version of akmods.
`main` akmods are also compatible with other images, except `surface(-nvidia)` & `asus(-nvidia)`.

> If you want to install akmods for `surface(-nvidia)` or `asus(-nvidia)` images, change `base` entry in the recipe file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install akmods for `surface` or `asus` images, change `base` entry in the recipe file.
```

Removing nvidia here so we don't confuse `bluebuild` users with using `base` as this will try to pull an invalid image.

By default, the `akmods` module installs the `main` akmods for the `latest` version of Fedora.
`main` akmods are also compatible with other images, except `surface(-nvidia)` & `asus(-nvidia)`.

> If you want to install akmods for `surface(-nvidia)` or `asus(-nvidia)` images, change `base` entry in the recipe file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install akmods for `surface` or `asus` images, change `base` property in the recipe file. If you want nvidia akmods too, add `nvidia-version` property in the recipe file with the version number of the drivers you want installed.
```
